Adds ip range lookup support (#1262)
pomerium/documentation: content/docs/integrations.mdx

> Any external data source integration requires the following settings:

Reviewer: Side note: I don't think this is accurate. I think the last four settings are optional ("Headers", "Allow Insecure TLS", "Polling Min/Max Delay", "Client TLS Key").

Author: Yes, I was actually looking for "Allow Insecure TLS" in the Console UI and couldn't find it at all. I'll submit an issue to update this page, but it's not a high priority in my opinion at the moment.

Compressed versions are supported using `gz` format.

### Record Type

Unless defined by the directory structure of a supplied archive file, the Record Type field defines how the records will be stored and accessed in the Databroker.

### Foreign Key

**Foreign Key** is used to map an authorization evaluation to the corresponding record. The supported values are:

- `user.id` (Also the default if no value is provided)
- `user.email`
- `request.ip`
- `device.id`

#### IP range lookup support

> Pomerium supports Classless Inter-Domain Routing (CIDR) indexing when filtering a list of records with the `request.ip` foreign key. This allows you to match against IP address ranges instead of manually importing records for individual IP addresses.

Reviewer: "Pomerium supports Classless Inter-Domain Routing (CIDR) indexing" sounds off to me. "Classless Inter-Domain Routing" has to do with network architecture. "CIDR notation" is the operative term here.

I understand the desire to spell out any potentially-unfamiliar acronyms, but here I think it would tend to increase confusion rather than decrease it.

Would a link to wikipedia help to address this concern in a different way?

```suggestion
For the `request.ip` foreign key, Pomerium also supports matching against a range of IP addresses (expressed in [CIDR notation](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Classless_Inter-Domain_Routing#CIDR_notation)). This can reduce the number of data records you need.
```

> To filter with CIDR indexing, add a special `$index` key to your external data source records. For example:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To match against an IP address range, add a special `$index` key to your external data source records. For example:
```

```json
{

>   "$index": {"cidr": "1.2.3.4/5"}

Reviewer: nit: this is not a sensible range; can we use something like this instead?

```suggestion
  "$index": {"cidr": "10.1.2.3/24"}
```

:::

### Client TLS Key

For data sources using mTLS, you can select a [client certificate](/docs/concepts/certificates) (added under **Manage** → **Certificates**) to provide to the data source.

## IP range lookup support

> Pomerium supports Classless Inter-Domain Routing (CIDR) indexing to improve database querying performance. This is useful if you're importing a list of records containing IP ranges.

Reviewer: The thing I was surprised about was the ability to match on IP address ranges at all (setting aside any questions to do with performance).

I'd like to see some explanation along these lines:

"When using `request.ip` as a key, you can also match against IP address ranges (expressed in CIDR notation). To do so, add a special `$index` key to your external data source records, like so:"

It also might make sense to move this up, next to the "Foreign Key" heading?
